# Research question:
Our research question is: Which communities in Los Angeles County are most vulnerable to extreme heat, and how does this relate to income, energy cost burden (percentage of energy cost relative to income), and solar energy potential?
# Why it is important to you, why it matters to others, and what is at stake:
In Los Angeles, extreme heat is arguably the most present and dangerous effect of climate change. Though extreme heat days are becoming more frequent and intense across all of the County, it most severely affects vulnerable populations, such as the elderly, children, people with chronic illnesses, low-income communities, and the unhoused. Extreme heat is a major health risk that can exacerbate existing health conditions, and cause heatstroke, heat exhaustion, and even death. Many people in low-income communities suffer during extreme heat events because they cannot afford the high costs of air conditioning. Low-income communities of color are also disproportionately affected by power outages that frequently occur during extreme heat events due to high energy demand. Solar energy is an effective solution to extreme heat in marginalized communities. Expanding solar energy in vulnerable communities could both mitigate climate change, and thus extreme heat, by reducing greenhouse gas emissions, and make energy more affordable and accessible for low-income communities of color, making these communities more resilient in the face of extreme heat events.
# Description of the spatial scope (e.g. Boyle Heights or Hong Kong), and why space and/or time matters for your project:
The project team will look at Los Angeles County on a neighborhood level. Los Angeles County is extremely diverse spatially, both in terms of geography and demographics. By mapping heat risk, income/energy cost burden, and solar potential, we can determine differences across communities, in terms of vulnerability and access, and where energy solutions should be prioritized. 
# A preliminary but definitive description of data sources (at least two) that you will use:
* Extreme Heat Map of California: https://innovation.luskin.ucla.edu/climate/heat/ 
This tool maps projected extreme heat exposure as well information on vulnerable populations across California. It is from UCLA's Luskin Center.
* Energy Consumption in Los Angeles: https://ucla.app.box.com/s/5azfl9s83ydxi39u7gynrsxoe7a8a0q1 This data is from UCLA's Energy Atlas and compares energy consumption across LA county and other areas in Southern California by income and community. 
* Solar Potential in Los Angeles: https://ucla.app.box.com/s/bj8iglbsiz2v668n065w010n5yrftqgy This data also comes from UCLA's Energy Atlas. It compares socioeconomic data like income, home rental v. ownership, energy consumption, and potential for solar energy by community. 
# A scope that explains the intended analysis and resulting visualizations for your project:
The project team will research which communities bear the highest heat risks, pay the highest percentage of their income in energy, and have the lowest incomes and then compare this with solar potential. By comparing these values, we hope to determine what the most vulnerable communities are, whether or not there is an opportunity to address the problem of both extreme heat and lack of energy access and equity in these communities. We will produce visualizations mapping each variable across Los Angeles County to show differences in income, energy burden, and heat vulnerability, as compared to solar potential.
#A concluding paragraph of what insights you expect to gain from your research:
We expect to learn who is most vulnerable to extreme heat, by studying where extreme heat is worst, and by identifying low income communities and communities with high energy cost burdens. With that knowledge we hope to compare these variables with areas with the highest potential for solar energy, in order to identify the most important areas to pursue solar energy, in order to achieve climate justice and energy equity and access. In this way, our research will not simply restate issues of extreme heat and how that relates to income and energy burden– rather, our research will be highly solutions-oriented. 
